A multitude of questions emerged in my mind as I blankly stared at the floating screen in front of me.

Ren Dover?

Who was that?

As far as I remember my name was...hmm?

What was my name?

Sitting up on the bed, a blank look appeared on my face as I dazedly looked towards the window on my left.

Jet black hair

Pale white skin

Blue ocean-like eyes

What was reflected on the surface of the window was not my face, rather it was a completely unknown face.

It had rather attractive features, but it wasn't a face that would make people scream 'He's so handsome!'

Eyes aside, it was a pretty average face. One that you would forget after not seeing for a couple of days.

Moving onto the body, this new body was rather skinny, it had some definition but it could definitely do with a bit more muscle.

But this was definitely not my body...I was supposed to be fat. Yet, looking at the reflection in the mirror I coudln't deny that it was me who was controlling the body as each time I touched my face, the reflection on the window also showed the youth reflected in the mirror touching his face.

Sitting on the edge of the bed, I looked at my now skinny legs which I had not seen since my high school days, and stood up.

"guh..."

Stumbling a couple of steps, I felt a wave of pain wash over my head as I started experiencing a massive migraine followed by a severe case of vertigo.

Pain..pain..excruciating pain that I had never felt before engulfed my entire being as I leaned my hand on the wall as a means to support my body.

"Huff..huff.."

For what may have seemed to be hours, passed by in seconds, and the pain slowly subsided leaving me huffing and panting on the ground heavily gulping for air.

It was only after 10 minutes that I finally managed to stand back up.

Glancing around the room, a simply decorated room laid before me. The room was furnished with the basic necessities that comprised of a clean white bed, an old wooden spacious desk, a tall wardrobe, and a small bathroom.

As I looked around, on top of the desk, I saw a strange tablet-looking object.

Being desperate for answers, I immediately walked over to the desk where the table-like object was, in hopes of figuring out what was going on.

As I was walking, a strange sensation tickled my brain, as I felt a sense of discontinuity between my movements.

At first, I thought it may have perhaps been due to me suddenly becoming skinny, but actually, more than me not being used to moving due to my body transformation, it was more like I was not used to this body at all.

It almost felt as if there was a lag in my movements. But as I gradually moved more, the time lag slowly disappeared.

I don't know what it was, but maybe it was because my soul still didn't get used to this new body?

Well setting that aside, there was one important thing that I had to confirm. I had a hunch about what had happened, but I needed to confirm it, and what better way than through the tablet on the desk.

Arriving before the tablet I carefully tapped the screen, and then...

-Wham!

Holographic information one after another starts appearing before me, startling me.

Calming myself down I looked at the information that was projected before me.

=======

User ID : Ren Dover

Age : 16

Picture : (Holographic image of myself)

Program : Hero program Year 1

School Rank : 1750/2055

Potential : D rank

Profession : Swordsman

======

"I see"

Looking at the information in a daze, I let out a bitter laugh

"It seems that I reincarnated into my own novel, and as a random character that had nothing to do with the story to boot"

Not the protagonist, but a completely unknown mob.

I, the author should obviously know every character in the novel, but who in the world was Ren Dover?

I never created such a character.

But looking at how things were, I should probably not consider this world a novel anymore, as I was literally breathing and moving inside of what seemed to be the plot of my novel.

If you were wondering as to why I am remaining so calm in this situation, it's simple really.

I hated my previous life

During my last breath, I had realized that I really did not care if I died.

During my last moments, the only thing I thought was 'It's a pity I died like this'

I don't know when, but at some point, I already had given up on life. But oddly enough, it seemed that I got myself a second chance in life and as a character of my own unfinished novel to boot. Though it's a real bummer I wasn't reincarnated as the protagonist.

Actually, that was a total lie

Who in the world wants to be the protagonist?

Me?

ha? Are you crazy?

Why in the world would I want to be some justice-driven fool who attracts danger wherever he goes? I just got a new life, why in the world would I throw it away like that. I ain't stupid.

Although I am jealous of his would-be harem. I mean I did make them beauties, but who cares! I stayed a virgin for my whole 32 years of life, so it's not gonna hurt if I remained a virgin for a little bit longer.

Setting my virginity aside, this world has magic and skills!

There's no way I was going to spend my time flirting with girls when I could spend the time practicing magic! I could already visualize myself casting huge fireballs. Just the thought makes me grin.

I mean how could I not be excited? I came from a world where magic doesn't exist, and now that I have access to it, I will definitely learn it!

"But wait....."

Considering how they put my potential as D rank, it would mean they evaluated my talent to be low or medium at best.

There's no way I was going to survive the third cataclysm with this low level of talent

Placing my hand on my chin I immediately started to plan my future

"Although my talent is low compared to the others inside of the lock, if we take into account that a D rank talent is extremely sought after in other academies, I could probably live comfortably once I graduate from the lock..."

"But, if I were to take the [seed of limit] I could permanently remove my limit...but that would affect the protagonist..."

"Actually considering the fact that his talent has already been graded as SSS, it shouldn't really be a problem if I take it right?"

Hmmm, I just realized it now, but didn't I create a total cheat character?

Setting the [Seed of limit] aside, I gave him the highest possible talent and also gave him the best equipment. Isn't this a little bit too unfair?

Now that I was in the novel, I could kind of see what the readers were saying about the protagonist being a bit too overpowered.

"Hmmm, yup I need to rebalance the protagonist"

Definitely not an excuse that I made up so that I could get some of the equipment for myself.....

Putting my shoes on and taking the keys to my room, which were left at the entrance of the apartment, I left the room

"Even if the protagonist doesn't take the [seed of limit] he would be able to exceed his limit thanks to other cheat items I've given him, so I guess it's fine if I take it"

From the very first moment I was reincarnated, I had decided, I will live how I want to.

Screw 'Efforts never betray'

Only a cheat like me who knows future events and where the cheat items were, could become successful.

...

Setting my foot outside of the lock, I felt a nice gentle breeze pass by me.

"Fuuu...how refreshing!"

Stretching my arms, I headed towards the train station.

The academy should be starting in a week so I have to find any means possible to increase my stats during that one week. I believe at this point the MC was already rank E borderline D, which was leagues above a rank G like me. So I've got to use this week well in hopes of catching up with the protagonist a little bit.

Right now, my first priority was getting the [Seed of limit]. By removing my limiter not only will I be able to reach greater heights, but I'll also be able to train faster. That was because the closer one gets to their limit the slower their training becomes. Hence why the higher your potential was, the greater your training speed was.

In order for me to find the [Seed of limit], I must head towards the Clayton Ridge in the outskirt of Ashton city, the city that I was currently in, which was also known as the capital of humanity.

After the first cataclysm, the world map completely changed. Before earth was a huge body of water with separate continents spread across it, Africa, North America, South America, Europe, Asia, Oceania. But after the cataclysm, all continents merged into one creating one large continent.

Then the second cataclysm occurred, and the territory which humanity occupied became smaller and smaller until the power balance finally stabilized at a ratio of 3/8 demons, 3/8 fantasia, and 2/8 humanity.

Currently, humanity occupied the east side of the newfound continent, right where Asia used to be. New infrastructures and cities were built, and among all the cities that were built, five cities stood out from the rest. Conviction city, Dromeda city, Lewington city, Park city, and lastly Ashton city, the current human capital.

Now, why were these cities so important? It's because they were humanity's last safeguard.

Each city safeguards the borders of the human territory from potential invasions and threats coming from demons and other races.

Conviction city stood at the very north of the human border, and safeguards humanity against the potential threat coming from the orcs, who were a war-driven species. Brutus the current leader of the orcs was especially fearsome, as he was regarded as the 'one-man general' in the battled field. His fearsome display of strength may come as a shock to many people as they each become flabbergasted at his cruel and fearsome strength.

Dromeda city safeguards the western area which was right at the edge of the demon territory and the elven territory. fortunately, the elves, unlike the orcs, were not a war-oriented race, hence the only source of worry were the demons. But even if the elves don't participate in the war, the demon's fearsome strength was leaving Dromeda on their wit's end.

Lewington city safeguarded the southern area of the human territory and protects against demons coming from the south. Like Dromeda, they were constantly harassed by demons, but unlike there, it was in a far more dire situation compared to Dromeda.

Dromeda borders with the elven territory, and as a result, the demons were forced to split their forces to protect themselves from potential ambushes from the elves, easing the burden they face when fighting against the demons.

In Lewington however, the situation was much much worse. There were no elves, no orcs, and no dwarfs. There was no other faction nearby that would cause the demons to split their forces. Therefore when demons invade, Lewington city faces the full grunt of the demons, causing large amounts of resources to be wasted every year.

Park City on the other hand was located on the east side and compared to the previous cities it had one noticeable difference, and that was the fact that it directly faced the sea. That was...it had to fend off against sea creatures.

After the second cataclysm due to the sudden burst in mana coming from the otherworlds, animals started going into a frenzy. At first, it seemed like they had completely lost their minds, but later after a few days, changes started happing. The most noticeable difference would be their insane growth in height and extreme bloodthirst. What could've been your cute little puppy an hour ago, turned into a demonic beast that would eat you whole in just a couple of minutes. Luckily, it seemed that they did not gain any intelligence, hence they were not necessarily a threat as long as they were left alone.

Lastly, there was Ashton city, the center of humanity. The last barrier that protects humanity against any outside threats. The most secure location available and the area where the Lock resided. The ultimate training academy that was known to mankind, created for the sole purpose of creating ultimate heroes who will lead the charge to reclaim Earth.

The lock was a huge facility that spammed over kilometers and boasted top-end training facilities. It had over 20,000 dorm rooms, 800 training facilities, 1,000 classrooms, and 2,000 highly trained professionals and teachers to tend to the students catering.

There were many privileges in being a student from the Lock, and one of them was the fact that you could gain access to all public transportations for free like how I was doing right now.

"Here's my card"

Passing my student card to the lady in the ticket office, I checked the map of the station

"Oh? you are a student from the lock?"

Glancing at my card in surprise, the ticket lady sat upright and carefully looked at me.

"Yes"

"Where to?"

"Station 24 near the Clayton ridge please"

Glancing up and down, the ticket lady suddenly smiled at me and handed me my student card as well as a ticket.

"I see, have a safe trip!"

"Thank you"

Like that, I boarded the air train to the Clayton ridge