The structure of Japanese society

It’s a bit sudden, but listen seriously to the question I’m about to ask and think about the answer carefully.

Question: Are people equal or not?

These days, all society loves to talk about is equality. People are calling for men and women to be treated equally, and shouting for society to get rid of inequality. They call for high employment rates for women, personal-use cars for everyone, and they go as far as to find fault with the order of the register of names. People even advocate equality for people with disabilities, and now the public is encouraged to stop using the term “disabled people.” Children are being taught that everyone is equal.

Is that really true?, I wondered.

Men and women have different roles if they have different abilities. People with disabilities are still disabled, no matter what term they call disabled people. None of this has meaning if no one pays attention to it.

In other words, the answer is no.

People are unequal beings; there are no truly “equal” people.

A great man once said that God did not make anyone above or below each other. But that doesn’t mean that everyone is equal. Does you know that the passage doesn’t end there? The rest is like this. Everyone is equal at birth, but then I asked, why are there differences in people’s jobs and statuses?

That was written in the second half of the passage. Is it a difference because one struggled with academics or because one didn’t try hard enough?

A difference is created there. That’s the famous “scholarship studies.” These teachings haven’t changed at all, even in modern day 2015. However, the situation is more complex and is becoming more serious.

Anyhow, people are beings that are capable of thinking. I don’t think it’s correct to say that people should live on only using instincts because things aren’t fair.

In other words, the word equality is full of lies and falsehoods, but inequality is also unacceptable. I was trying to find a new answer to the eternal problem facing human beings.

Hey you, the one who’s holding this book and reading it.

Have you ever thought about the future?

Have you ever imagined what it means to go to high school, to go to college?

Have you never felt that it was vague that one day, you would somehow find employment and get a job?

I felt that way.

When I finished compulsory education and entered high school, I didn’t notice anything.

I only felt joy in being released of my “duty”.

I didn’t notice that, at that moment, my life and my future was being impacted progressively.

I didn’t even understand what it meant to be studying Japanese and mathematics at school.

“Ayanokouji-kun, are you ok?”

It came. It came again. The feared situation.

As I was pretending to sleep, that person came.

It was the appearance of the devil, which forced me (who was taking a nap) to wake up to reality.

In my brain, Shostakovich’s 11th symphony was playing. The song perfectly described my current predicament: the feeling of utter hopelessness as people are chased by devils and as the end of the world quickly approached.

Even with my eyes closed, I could tell.

I could feel the alarming presence of the devil right next to me as it waited for its slave to wake up…

Now, as a slave, how do I escape this situation…?

To avoid danger, use the computer in the brain to instantly come up with the answer.

Conclusion… Pretend not to have heard anything. I am naming it the ‘pretend sleep’ strategy. My predicament will be solved with this strategy.

If the person talking was kind girl, she would overlook it after saying, ‘Well, it can’t be helped. I will forgive you because I’m sorry ☆’.

Even a pattern like ‘I will kiss if you don’t wake up, ok? Chuu~~’ is also OK.

“If you don’t wake up in 3 seconds, you’ll face punishments.”

“… The hell do you mean by ‘punishments’?”

In less than a second the ‘pretend sleep’ strategy was foiled and I succumbed to the threat.

Still, I refused to raise my head and continued to resist.

“Look, as I expected you were awake.”

“I already know of your scariness if I make you angry.”

“That’s good. Then, do you have some time?”

“… and if I say I don’t?”

“Well… I can’t force you, but I will be cranky if you don’t.”

She then continued.

“And if I’m cranky, I will be a major obstacle to Ayanokouji-kun’s normal school life. Hmm, for example, countless thumbtacks on your chair, spraying water on your head whenever you enter the bathroom, and sometimes stabbing you with a compass needle. That kind of behavior, yup.”

“That’s just plain harassment! Also, that last one seems strangely real, as if I remember already being stabbed!”

I reluctantly woke up and sat up in my seat.

A girl with long black hair and sharp, beautiful eyes looked down on me from the side.

Her name is Horikita Suzune. High school class 1-D, my classmate.

“Don’t be so scared. That was just a joke. I won’t pour water on you from above when you’re in the toilet.”

“The thumbtacks and the compass needle are more important! Look at this, this! You can still see where I was stabbed! How will you take responsibility if it becomes a lifetime scar?”

I roll up my sleeve of my right arm and show my upper arm to Horikita.

“Where’s the evidence?”

“Huh?”

“Where’s the evidence? Are you saying that I am the culprit without any proof?”

Of course, there is no evidence. Even though the only person who was close enough to stab me was Horikita, and even though she was holding a compass needle in her hand, it’s hard to say it definitively…

I had something important to confirm, though.

“Do I really have to help out? I thought about it again, but after all…”

“Hey Ayanokouji-kun. Regretting your decision while you’re desperate, or while you’re suffering… Which one do you like more? Because you pulled me from my responsibilities, you should be held accountable. Is that right?”

Horikita offered only two ridiculous, extreme options. Apparently, it seems that she will not allow a compromise. It was a mistake to make a contract with the devil. I decided to give up and obey.

“…So, what am I supposed to do?”

I asked while trembling in fear.

I won’t be surprised when I hear what she’s asking from me.

I don’t know how things turned out like this, but I remember when all this started.

I met this girl exactly two months ago.

Was it on the day of the entrance ceremony…?